well it was a tough match unfortunately
cloud 9 did not make it in further into
the playoffs I'm joined right now by
smoothie after their defeat at the hands
of dinga toss smoothly what went wrong
today um oh no we just didn't play like
we practiced honestly there are some
things that we didn't practice that like
obviously didn't happen today like um in
screams we actually we're learning an
insane amount in a short period of time
and we I felt like we were improving on
the map really rapid rate but I guess
today just don't work out for us what do
you think of Dignitas now having played
them just now because I think a lot of
people expected them to lose today you
know I know that you said that there's a
factor of maybe you guys weren't playing
to your peak based off of how scrims ago
and recently but also you know what do
you think of them after this match well
me I knew jig was always a pretty good
team
like right now the ball games were
playing really well but I think we
should have done a lot better today than
we did honestly I didn't expect us to
lose either because going into the games
obviously I said earlier we dream blue
on practice and we had a really good
plan going to the games but they played
a little bit differently than what we
did expected in drafts and we thought it
was good for us but I'll do the games
rate based I'll draft I think we just
played bad as a team now we don't know
if they're going to play TSM our morals
next week but do you have any prediction
about whether or not this team could be
immortals or TSM um I mean yeah I think
the top like actual on of the team's
like even including us can easily take
games of each other so it's going to be
really pretty close I think I expect TSM
to make it obviously but yeah any team
can make it honestly right now and it's
going to be pretty close matches now I
don't know if you're comfortable
speaking about this but in that last
game we saw Jensen get up or there's
positives and leave I guess there was a
some sort of health thing can you speak
at all to what happened yeah actually so
more or less it was just Jensen not
feeling really like sick oh he was
feeling sick sorry and he wanted to just
take a breather like a go side of her
second and just take a breather right
yeah he wasn't feeling good at all it
happens sometimes on stage when woods
like a long-long of John on set maybe it
was like a lack of water or just like
something yeah something happened but
yeah I thought my big deal he's went
outside for a little bit and he felt a
lot better coming back in so I think
that was good for us but hopefully he
feels better do you think that maybe his
feelings had all had effects of the game
or his performance um yeah if you
feeling shitty then it's going to be
kind of weird usually if you're feeling
bad like you stop talking as much and it
gets a common thing for a lot of players
so he was still doing well like for his
condition so I don't have a name but
I'll have very many complaints but yeah
it sucks but what can you do what
happens next for cloud 9 I mean I know
you guys make it in the gauntlet but
interestingly enough that's kind of
several weeks away so yeah well gods
like three weeks away or something so I
guess they're just practicing until then
but honestly I have a lot of regrets
obviously because we lost today but
we're gonna work a lot harder and
especially me I played like pretty
garbage today and I don't want any more
guests so I'm gonna change a lot of my
like habits and just do well got like
the biggest world so anything that you
want to say to any of the fans yeah
actually sorry for disappointing like
the vents we came in really confident
but I guess we didn't play to our
standard and again I said it last year
to like we'll make it to Worlds I
promise to gone that so just wait for
that I guess
thank you so much smoothie sorry didn't
happen today but looking forward to
seeing you guys go into the gauntlet in
just a couple weeks for everyone else
you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things playoffs and more
here on my youtube channel hey everyone
I'm very excited about playoffs and
world's coming up but guess what travel
is very expensive so if you enjoy my
interviews and you feel like it you can
go help me out over at Travis CARICOM
slash support